When I was in language school in Washington DC, I was taking Vietnamese
and the Vietnamese all spoke French as a second language and they
preferred French because French is a much richer and and intellectual
language than Vietnamese. Vietnamese is an agricultural language and
doesn't have a lot of subtlety to it, so they all spoke French. So
they hired a young woman who had just gotten a degree in French from
the university of Maryland to speak French to the Vietnamese and
she was almost six feet tall, and as I was six six my marine corps "oh
that one's yours, Davis". So we corresponded, everybody else got
dear John letters in Vietnam, all I got was chocolate chip cookies and
one bottle of wine she smuggled through the mail to me, that worked
out pretty well. So when I got out I married her and this last August
we've been married forty six years.